Update notifier docs (#34)
Scalingo/developers-documentation: _scalingo_api/notifications.md

layout: default
---

## Notifications platform

> Scalingo let you use different platform to send your notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Scalingo lets you use different platforms to send your notifications.
```
Are you update with the `s`? :(

--- row ---

**Notification platform attributes**

{:.table}
| field                | type     | description                                        |
| -------------------- | -------- | -------------------------------------------------- |
| id                   | string   | unique ID identifying the notification platform    |
| name                 | string   | name of the notification platform                  |
| display_name         | string   | human readable name for this notification platform |
| logo_url             | string   | URL to a logo for this notification platform       |

> | available_events_ids | []string | List of event IDs accepted by this platform        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| available_events_ids | []string | list of event IDs accepted by this platform        |
```

| description          | string   | description of the platform                        |

||| col |||

> Example object:

Reviewer: Missing example object
